The British rest is saturated with thousands of tons of
Taberikan...
Moon and Ophiuchus.....
and it's seen as kidnapped and demolished
behind the IPCC ship.
The only way to the British fleet is to leave for the West Indies,
and to use the foxes' carriages to drive away the foxes.
There is no other way but to do something to India.
But this is only a matter of time.
As Japanese soldiers,
we have to remember that the British navy
was not able to defend itself against us.
They were not able to defend themselves against us.
The British navy, which is the main force
of the British navy's military and air defense,
is now in the West Indies.
The British navy is the main force
of the British navy's military and air defense.
It is the main force of the Japanese navy
that is giving us a chance to fight.
Our navy, which is advertising that the enemy has been destroyed,
is waiting for their chance to attack us
without any hesitation.
The main force that must protect the world
is the British navy.
The British navy must be able to protect the world
by running away from us.
It is the same as if the British navy
had not been able to protect the world.
The British navy was not only
the main force of the British navy,
but also the last foothold in the East Asia,
which was abandoned for the Indian navy.
It was being pushed into a situation
where it was necessary to retreat to the Cape Town.
The greatest path to the British life
was now facing a serious crisis.
The British navy, which was losing its power,
was unable to rely on the British navy
and was forced to support the country's loss.